Update ctf_map READ.ME screenshot instructions (#1132)
MT-CTF/capturetheflag: mods/ctf/ctf_map/README.md

### 8. Screenshot

If you choose to submit your map, include a screenshot of it in the exported map's folder. It should have an aspect ratio of 3:2 (screenshot 600x400px is suggested).
You can take a screenshot easily by doing the following:
1. Hide the HUD. By default <kbd>F1</kbd> does that.
2. Hide the chat log. By default <kbd>F2</kbd> does that.
3. Try to find a good view that shows most of the map.

> 4. *(Optional)* Enable unlimited view range if important parts of the map cannot be seen. By default <kbd>R</kbd> does that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. *(Optional)* Increase your view range if important parts of the map cannot be seen. By default the <kbd>=</kbd> (or <kbd>+</kbd>) and <kbd>-</kbd> keys do that.
```

Reviewer: The `R` key is unbound in MT 5.7, and possibly earlier versions

### 8. Screenshot

If you choose to submit your map, include a screenshot of it in the exported map's folder. It should have an aspect ratio of 3:2 (screenshot 600x400px is suggested).
You can take a screenshot easily by doing the following:

> 1. Press F1 on your keyboard to hide the HUD
> 2. Press F2 on your keyboard to hide the chat log
> 3. *Optional:* Press R on your keyboard to enable unlimited viewing range if part of the map is not rendered
> 4. Try to find a good view that shows most of the map
> 5. Press F12 on your keyboard to take a screenshot
> 6. You can find your screenshot inside `\[Minetest folder]/screenshots`
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Hide the HUD. By default <kbd>F1</kbd> does that.
2. Hide the chat log. By default <kbd>F2</kbd> does that.
3. *(Optional)* Enable unlimited view range if all important parts of the map cannot be seen. By default <kbd>R</kbd> does that.
4. Try to find a good view that shows most of the map
5. Take a screenshot **from Minetest**. By default F12 does that.
6. You can find the screenshot in `screenshots` folder in the Minetest data folder unless you have changed the path in settings.
```
